[example]: http://diegomarquez.github.io/game/examples/game_object_creation/index.html
[bundles]: ../resources/bundles
[bundle]: ../resources/bundles/basic_bundle.js

[css]: ./main.css
[main]: ./main.js
[index]: ./index.html
[bootstrap]: ../src/bootstrap.js

[layers]: ../../src/hierarchy/layers.js
[assembler]: ../../src/pools/assembler.js

[game_object]: ../../src/hierarchy/game_object.js
[renderer]: ../../src/components/rendering/renderer.js
[game_object_container]: ../../src/hierarchy/game_object_container.js

[basic_game_object]: ../resources/basic_game_object.js
[box_renderer]: ../resources/box_renderer.js
[basic_container]: ../resources/basic_container.js

# Drawing something

#### This example is about getting something on the screen. Basic workflow on how to setup pools and create your game objects. Even though it is the first real example it is the thickest because almost everything is new. Most of this stuff will be repeated over and over again in the next examples.

#### You can view this [example running][example]

**********
**********
**********

### New things that are happening here

**New Modules used in this example**

[**assembler.js**][assembler]

[**layers.js**][layers]

[**basic_game_object.js**][basic_game_object] => [**game_object.js**][game_object]

[**box_renderer.js**][box_renderer] => [**renderer.js**][renderer]

**********
**********
**********

[**main.js**][main]

```javascript
gjs.setModulePath('basic_bundle');
```

Think of this line as an import in JAVA, you will need to add this to require custom modules
not included by default in [**bootstrap.js**][bootstrap]. In reality you don't need to add these kind of lines,
but if you don't, you have to type in the whole relative path in each require call. And that is not very nice.

Hopefully you won't need to care about this, because they will be autogenerated in some way.

**********

```javascript
require('basic_bundle').create();  
```
This kind of calls create an object who has only one purpose, setup the pools which we would like to use in our application. 

[The bundle file is in this folder][bundles]. The README.md file in there will have some more information about what is going on inside these type of files.

[The specific bundle file used in this example][bundle]

*NOTE: Technically you don't need to use these objects, you could just take the code that is in them and slap it instead of the require call, but I think it looks nicer this way and you might even want to reuse that code later on.*

**********

```javascript
//The ID "Base_1" is defined in basic_bundle.js
var go = gjs.assembler.get('Base_1');
```

The [**assembler**][assembler] module which can be found in the **gjs global** takes care of building the type of game object that was specified during the configuration of the pools. By this point
you should really go take a look at [the bundle file used][bundle] if you are interested in understanding what is going on.

**********

```javascript
//Adding the game_object to a layer. 
gjs.layers.get('Middle').add(go);
```

The [**layers**][layers] module which can be found in the **gjs global** is the main container for everything that gets updated and/or rendered. What is going on in this line is that we are asking for the 'Middle' layer and then adding our newly assembled game object into it.

**********

```javascript
//Until this method is called, the game_object will do nothing.
go.start();
```

Although the game object has already been added to a layer, it won't do anything until you call the start method. No logic, no rendering no nothing.
